Update _index.md (#2497)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-18-releases/_index.md

Certain operating systems, such as RHEL 8, have already removed support for 3DES. Redis Enterprise Software cannot support cipher suites that are not supported by the underlying operating system.

## Known limitations
    
### Feature limitations

> - RS54131 Running QUIT command on TLS connected database closed connection and does not return a +OK reply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS54131 Running the `QUIT` command on a TLS connected database closes connection and does not return a `+OK` reply
```
